you know what it is I love about being
spider-man everything Wow Peter can I
come in
no okay come in King come in the
goodness sakes let me hear what happened
to your face it's filthy
you know I was cleaning the chimney we
have no chimney what
every day I wake up knowing that no
matter how many lives I protect
no matter how many people call me a hero
someone even more powerful could change
everything we have plans for you Peter
Parker
yo sparkles
is bigger than new Peter
I made a choice this is my Paul
I'll catch a spider
need a hand
okay I gotta go I'm coming with you corn
that's too dangerous sorry I love you
don't hate me
you